---
title: CMintS
repo: cmints/cmints
homepage: https://cmints.io/
language:
  - JavaScript
license:
  - MIT
templates:
  - EJS
description: CMS and Static Site Generator for single and multi-language websites creation.
startertemplaterepo: https://github.com/cmints/multi-lang-starter
---

[CMintS](https://cmints.io/) is a CMS and Static Site Generator for single and
multi-language website creation.

Learn more about CMintS at [https://cmints.io/](https://cmints.io/). It's an
open source project and every related repository can be found in the [CMintS
GitHub organization](https://github.com/cmints).

You can either install CMintS globally as it's described in the [installation
documentation](https://cmints.io/documentation) or as a local dependency,
following the [Quick Start tutorial](https://cmints.io/en/quick-start).

Single and multi-language website starters can be found at
[https://single.cmints.io/](https://single.cmints.io/) and
[https://multi.cmints.io/](https://multi.cmints.io/) accordingly.

# Features

## i18n

[Comprehensive internationalization](https://cmints.io/documentation/i18n/) out
of the box for [layout](https://cmints.io/documentation/i18n/theme) and
[translatable page content
creation](https://cmints.io/documentation/i18n/pages).

## Theme

Use [EJS](https://cmints.io/documentation/themes/ejs),
[LESS](https://cmints.io/documentation/themes/less) and [JS
modules](https://cmints.io/documentation/themes/js-modules) to create amazing
[themes](https://cmints.io/documentation/themes/) for your website.

## Markdown

CMintS uses CommonMark for markdown [pages
creation](https://cmints.io/documentation/pages), alternatively you can also
use EJS or a regular HTML.

## TMS integration

[Integrate your project with
Crowdin](https://cmints.io/en/documentation/i18n/crowdin) and start translating
your website right away with the help of the translation community.
